---
aliases:
 - "2023-10-19 Saelihn notes"
tags:
 - session-notes
 - saelihn
---

# HTS Pony

'Welcome to HTS Pony, what can I help you with.' says a blond elven woman. Nevrest asks for a customer complaint form.
She grabs 5 sheets of paper for the complaint.

We should talk to the guards about it. Saelihn waltz through a door, finding 2 sets of buildings that look like stables ans a garden with fountain.

Nevrest fills out the form and is also sent out in the garden. While I look around I don't seen anything of note. The one wall in the stable is close to the ocean as I hear the sea on the other side. The fountain is really pretty and well made. It has very delicate engravings with animals and flowers.

The scent leads to the garden. Around the fence is something protecting the area and inside there is people with magic and the fountain itself is magical. I try to study it while Meira is investigating it.

Inscribed on the fountain, under the fishes and withered. I read it as `My patterned skin is well received.
I am not a mammal, a bird, or a fish in a lake.`

There are a lot of animals depicted, and one is a snake. Meira pressed the button, and heard a click. The water splits to the ocean side and opens up to a staircase.

We hear people muttering and Meira smelled Amelia in the passage. People are muttering and whining to other people. Before we turn the corner are 2 humans in medium armour, one hand on shorts word.

When one of the men cuts a rope, the ground falls away, into a pitfall. A very brief fight ensues leading to two dead guards. A snake bites their neck and explodes right on Meira.

We kill a mimic that's hidden like a door! The other door is an illusion with a pit behind.

I cast fireball on a group of 8 people. A gnome, a dwarf and a charming handsome human.
