---
id: "1695074584-arena"
aliases:
  - "The Arena"
  - "arena"
tags:
  - "diary"
  - "notes"
  - "lore"
  - "saelihn"
---

# [[1695074775-the-arena|The Arena]]

Dear [[1694905442-mr-zylgwyn-loris|Mr. Zylgwyn]], my recollections are a bit hazy. But I was hit over the head in the inn while I was journaling to you. I'm not sure what happened but I woke up in a wet cell inside an arena.

## The kidnapping

I met some [[1695039283-blitz-kreek|unlikely companions]]. [[1695075415-meira|Meira]], a pale elf just like myself, but more 'elf' like then I am. I'm not certain if I was still knocked over the head but I think she turned into a wolf. Besides Meira there was also [[1695075433-nevrest-thomas|Nevrest]], a well dressed and magical human, He was very nice and kind to me, I backed him, but I'm getting ahead of myself. [[1695075444-leon|Leon]] is the last actual fighter, another Human who is pretty darn good with it comes to swordsplay. He's a bit closed off.

As I mentioned there was a tiny creature, a kobold, called [[1695075461-kreek-kobold|Kreek]]. He's scared, of everything, but Meirah took a liking to him and started protecting Kreek like a little cub.

In my prison, there was a creature called 'Tiny' who was a big ogre. It's ridiculous they called him Tiny. However, he was guarding the exit door.

My companions immediatly warned me **not to drink the water**.

## The fights

I had nothing, no pouch or even you. I couldn't cast any spells and I felt what I guess was loneliness and nakedness. From time to time we had to fight in the arena.

We had to fight some odd figures. Stone creatures, which the companions seemed to know. They said they knew them from before they got turned into stone-like creatures. You could see that it pained them to fight these abominations, after they were forced to.

## Escaping

At a certain night, after a fight we broke into Hargol's office. Hargol was the Orc captain. After I managed to break in, I needed to hide from some frightening monks. These monks were as fast as a shadow. I was able to find a hidden passageway through the bookcase. We used this secret passage in our escape.

We ended up in a room where a humanoid creature was trapped. The creature had an octopus for a head, I wish I was able to take a detailed sketch off. Nevrest seemed to worship this creature who was chained and talking to us telephatically. The creature was bound in water where only the head was above water. I think this was the water we were not supposed to drink.

After we freed the wretched creature, on the request of Nevrest after a huge commotion. Thomas kept mentioning that the creature was his patron or something along those lines.

After this whole ordeal, we found all our belongings and other items. I even found this book, where I copied you into. I hope you're liking your new 'cover'. It seemed to be stronger somehow.
